Overview
This activity is a hands-on JavaScript exercise designed to teach array manipulation and dynamic rendering on a webpage
Users will create a shopping list that can be updated in real time, learning how to add, remove, and filter items. The focus is on understanding array methods, conditional logic, and DOM manipulation.

Features

Add items to a shopping list dynamically.
Remove the last item from the list.
Search and filter items based on a user-specified term.
Display the shopping list in the browser in real-time.
Provide feedback when the list is empty.


Challenges

Updating the displayed list correctly whenever the underlying array changes.
Implementing case-insensitive search and filter functionality.
Maintaining clean and readable code while working with arrays and the DOM.

Tools

JavaScript 
HTML 
Browser Console / DevTools 

How to use it
Use gitbash  and Clone the repository to your local machine
git clone https://github.com/revathirao/lab-2-Array-Manipulation

Relection

1.How did array methods like push() and filter() help you manipulate data in this activity?

push(): It helped me add new items to the shopping cart easily. I didn’t have to create a new array or manually keep track of the items.

filter(): It helped me search or get specific items from the array. For example, if I wanted to find items starting with a certain letter, I could do it easily without checking each item one by one.

2.What challenges did you face when trying to filter and search for items in the array?

Making sure the search is case-insensitive (e.g., “Apple” vs “apple”).

Deciding whether to search by exact match or partial match (like typing “b” should show “Banana” and “Blueberry”).

Confusion between using map(), filter(), and for loops for different tasks.
Still i have problem using Map() so i did not useit here

3.How would you modify this code to make it more efficient or user-friendly?1. 

Prevent duplicates: Don’t allow adding the same item twice.

Clear all items: Add a “Clear Cart” button.

Better search: Add an input box to filter items as you type.

Make website more accessible

Use CSS styling
